dumpling: add URI formats (#15165)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md

BACKUP DATABASE `test` TO 's3://example-bucket-2020/backup-05/?access-key={YOUR_ACCESS_KEY}&secret-access-key={YOUR_SECRET_KEY}';
```

> The URI syntax is further explained in [URI Formats of External Storage Services](/external-storage-uri.md).

Reviewer: As `sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md` is also used by TiDB Cloud TOC, please use the CustomContent tag for this paragraph.

> The URI syntax is further explained in [URI Formats of External Storage Services](/external-storage-uri.md).

Author: ```suggestion
<CustomContent platform="tidb">

The URL syntax is further explained in [external storage URI](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md#uri-format).

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

The URL syntax is further explained in [external storage URI](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/external-storage-uri).

</CustomContent>
```
